Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Magan: Yeah, looks pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: I did, I did a do and having I'm having a girls night in I invited a bunch of girlfriends and we're gonna we're gonna sit in, zoom
Magan: Get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, why not. I don't want to go nuts over here.
Magan: Well, that's a good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. I'm telling everybody about it i'm i'm telling everybody like let's find a way that you create a new cooking class online. Let's, let's get involved in a really different way. Let's seize this as an opportunity
Gwenevere Abriel: To to use this internet stuff this teleconference and connect with people. We're normally we can't create time. Well, now we can
Magan: Right.
Magan: Right. Well, a lot of people can
Magan: I just wished you know I got a letter from my work and email, tell me.
Magan: He said that we now have to fill out a time card.
Magan: A part of the hours that we work during. Cool. Good night.
Magan: And I don't know what that means.
Magan: I'm a little worried about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well what meaning what what ideas are you running through your head, what's caused
Magan: Is America running out of money is the city running out of money. You know what I mean. Uh huh.
I don't know how
I can
Gwenevere Abriel: How do
Gwenevere Abriel: You even figure out how you got to that one. I
Magan: Love.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you got to that thought.
Magan: I think it's because I worry too much. Well, I know I work too much, but my thought is this that
Magan: I know that this is a rough time for a lot of Americans. I know that I have a job still to go to. And for that I'm thankful
Magan: Because a lot of people have lost their jobs and they're waiting for unemployment to come through to feed their families. And so I have much to be grateful for at this time.
Magan: But
Magan: You know, I know a lot of the central employees with the city work in a extremely frustrated because we don't have any hazard pay they don't get anything for coming into work.
Magan: Other than the regular that we always do all the employees that are non essential get to stay at home pay for free.
Magan: And it's a little frustrating for central employees, like, Well, what the fuck we have no incentive for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's funny is our, our culture and you're you're reflecting it now doesn't still acknowledge psychiatric hazard pay like right now. Your job is
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychiatric hazard like
Straight up.
Magan: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't try to say like, we still
Magan: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't respect.
Magan: The psychology yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still a I hate to say it, this is my political
Gwenevere Abriel: Perspective, but it's a feminine art. It's a feminine profession, a teacher, a therapist. We're still it's a girly girl world and it doesn't get respected I I know I should keep my opinion to myself, but
Magan: No, no, it's
Fine.
Magan: But it's true.
Magan: Bad. No, but it's, it really is true. It really is true. And it's wow cat.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Kitty, but
Magan: He really just
Magan: I don't know what's wrong with her right now. Can you get your face. You see,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you should see the shot. I got
Magan: looks funny because she doesn't usually like me, but since I don't know if I told you this below died.
Magan: Excuse me, doggy doggy.
Magan: Um, because she had lymphoma one day.
Magan: I woke up and I choose my dog. So like to my favorite don't have a whole world, and she's the first time I've had a bulldog since I got a divorce and my ex husband took the other Bulldog. So she was really special to me.
Magan: And she was patting her lymph nodes were all swollen. They were huge. I could feel them in her neck.
Magan: And I was like, What the hell is that I thought she had like a reaction because she had allergies and she was also allergic to peanut butter.
Magan: So I started rubbing around her body and all the lymph areas around her growing her armpits, everything was all swollen and I was like, Oh, no. So it took her and I was hoping that wasn't what I thought it was but
Magan: Like I knew it was cancer because I I even said, I was like, I think she had cancer and everybody was like no, no, no. She's fine. And I took her in and the doctor. She, she is lymphoma and she's very progress. It's already in her lungs.
Magan: So I let her live for, like, I brought her back home because I wasn't ready to say goodbye. After finding that out. And so I sat with her.
Magan: In Andrews out with her for three days or two days, two days, but she couldn't even go to sleep because she was having such a trouble breathing, like she was. She couldn't even breathe.
Magan: So I took her in and we put her down.
Magan: So I think what since Lola has died that cat won't leave me the fuck alone, and I don't get it like that cat hated me
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Magan: But now she just likes to come in. Just stick her ass in my face and say hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm telling you, animals, they are smart.
Magan: Well they I know they have, they can feel things I know they can my dad, my dad's Dad always said, and I'm like, when I was putting low down. I was really upset and my dad was upset because he loves you and he told his dad his dad's like just let the animal. Go. They don't have a soul.
Magan: And I always just agreed with that my whole life because he's always said that I remember my grandfather going out and shooting dogs in the forest, while we were there. So I really, you know,
Magan: He really doesn't he really doesn't believe that Animals Have souls and if a dog.
Magan: Is done in his opinion, or the dog bite somebody or the dog is too old and it can't take care of itself anymore he would take it outside tied to a tree and he would hear a gunshot. And it's like, Okay.
Magan: So,
Magan: But I didn't feel that way about low and
Magan: I really miss her a lot. So I am so sorry. Truly, I wonder
How we didn't end up talking about that.
Magan: Um, I think that was the weekend where I just stopped talking and I pulled away. We didn't end our session and then over that weekend I found out what happened to her.
Magan: And so I found out that she was sick. And then I took her and put her down and all of that scan and you were trying to get ahold of me and I wasn't responding, because I just I just checked out. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, there have been times I've said, hey, just touching base, just wanted to get a little something I think you may have sort of been withdrawing at that point.
Magan: Yeah, okay. Yeah. And it's not that I'm trying to leave you out of stuff. It's just, she was very important to me. She was really, really important to me, she still is. But it's just like everything around me, guys.
Magan: So it's like really just you come in threes, because I lost my, my grandmother and I lost my mother and I lost my favorite dog. So I do believe that deaths come in threes.
Magan: Now after that heavy shit, what did you see me and Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, good morning. Fine. How do you do so, um, we can do whatever you want.
Magan: We can dye your hair.
Magan: Did you
Magan: You don't die it again. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So so funny. You guys can always tell when I do something different. I must wear my hair exactly the same every day. So when what you're seeing is, I usually start my hair on the side and I and I switch it over to the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I kind of have like a 50s little
Gwenevere Abriel: bouffant going on and today I wanted to, to kind of do this sort of trying too hard.
Magan: To do.
Magan: So, well, it's very much god it's very complimentary
Magan: It really is. She's I was wrong with her right now. Um, but she's very
Gwenevere Abriel: With us
Magan: Um, it's very different. And I think it's the volume and then
Magan: It looks like you're getting ready to go on a date.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm having a girls night and I am
Magan: Yeah.
I'm also
Magan: Are you still dating your husband during this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm also, um, I was supposed to write at this time I'll be in Seattle, Washington. I was going to be gone for a week doing a training that's going to last eight months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning every about every two or three months, I'd be traveling all the way to Washington State, which is a huge commitment. But anyway, hoping it will be amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they had to cancel it. So we're having it today and I keep checking timezone because I'm like, Is the time zone really three hours difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's in Seattle and hoping I don't miss it today. So I get to still see you guys for early morning appointments. So, this wouldn't even be happening. If I was going to Washington, so I'm thrilled. In some ways that the trainings happening this way. Oh my gosh, there's kitty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And everything but
Magan: I'm not. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go put her outside because she's
Magan: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, whatever you want, because, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to hang out with her. That's fine to
Magan: Come on, little one.
Magan: There we go.
Magan: I have to let her out the front door because
Magan: Apparently that's the only door that she likes it. So,
So where would you like to focus today. We can do whatever you want.
Magan: I mean, I did, I did say I wanted to do a session. Okay, then that's what I
Magan: Want, but I am
Magan: So Gandalf is not working for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna change it.
Magan: Okay, yeah, and also has not. Yeah, it's not working for me. Okay. Um, but the dog is
Magan: And the kids are
Gwenevere Abriel: So for so for too protective figure I have a dragon and Gandalf the Grey is out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I have therapists, when you want to keep that or take that out.
Magan: Okay, so we have. What about
Magan: Dragon, so I think
Magan: I'm
Magan: We can utilize dragon. Um, but I think the primary ones are all when
Magan: Kids, but the kids, the kids aren't really like
Magan: They're more like a guidance figure. It's kind of weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so, but look where you have them. I'm glad you said that because what you have is there, the wise figures are your children.
Magan: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for nurturing, I have my dog for to wanting out. So here's what the hell just show to
See
Gwenevere Abriel: And we and maybe visually.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can have more more
To it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just this little section right here. It's the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sea there.
So protecting me
Magan: So,
Magan: Justin said this one. Yeah, no, that's perfect. That's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then my dog for nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Now something comes up around nurturing, then we'll add it as it as it comes up. But as you're looking at it now. Does anything come up is now nurturing is wanting for you, your gross your development.
Magan: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then for wise, my children. Do you want to add anything to that one.
Magan: Um, my sugars me children. No, I think that's actually more fitting. I do like that because when when Gandalf comes up, it's like
Magan: I don't, I'm not feeling it, you know. Yeah. Okay. And I'm all because I remember why Gandalf popped up in my brain.
Magan: Because when I had my spinal surgery and they put me on not ketamine. Yeah, I remember seeing and off the fucking guy I shit you not, I saw him. I was so high, and it was the most intense talking drugging ever had in my life and
Magan: It was horrible. I hated that drug that drug is bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the second person to tell me that. And part of it is is bouncing over to this idea of why
Gwenevere Abriel: People long term are thinking about tapering down because they don't want to be stuck with having to use the Ketamine as a pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: reliever. So it's like okay remember how bad that was, Hey, why am I tapering. I don't want to taper. Oh, because I want if I absolutely have to. I want access to short term pain medication like everybody else.
Magan: Yeah.
Magan: You see it because what
Magan: No, I see it.
Magan: Going again my pain under control. And that was because my pain level my my tolerance is so high. And they were like,
Magan: They put me on Ketamine for three days and I was like,
Magan: No that drug is horrible. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me poke around. So if you're telling me that we let me just see if I wrote a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: There, see if I got a little something in here because I may have done some target mapping already. So we already had an idea of where to start.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, definitely around. There's concepts of I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: big pieces of that, if it's something I've Virginia. I have a have to accept that I need to marinate in that today, continuing power struggle will make it worse client is interested in continuing in the DR next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is intense. But it's helping it growth in different areas subtle but meaningful the juice is worth the squeeze. What a great phrase, man. I just love them. Oh I so want that on a t shirt.
Gwenevere Abriel: But but but but but but but but what about content stuff so boop boop boop. What if we go over here to your thermometer and let's do this together. So let's I've got my little over my knee. Are you on tablet or phone. What do you want
Magan: I'm on phone, but I have my water bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, perfect. Then I'll use I'll use my finger as the tempo for guidance there. That's beautiful. So here's what I'm saying. So let's set. Let's set our intention and I'll do this with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of tune into my breath and I invite you to do the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just find that breath. It was there. It was there as we were talking, you didn't have to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then slowly making sure that air is not just staying at the top of the long but going deep down
Gwenevere Abriel: In the bottom with along, allowing the expansion of that lower abdomen to
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like a balloon on the inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very intentionally
Gwenevere Abriel: Turning awareness inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the subtle.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the shifts
Gwenevere Abriel: To awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: to incite
Gwenevere Abriel: Just continue to stay with that breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do some
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of exploring around the target that we might do some
Gwenevere Abriel: CMDR around and you just let me know. Yeah. That's the one. Let's focus there or now that's that's a pass on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something. Yep. So something you've mentioned before, you have a memory of
Gwenevere Abriel: Being in the distress level of mom chewing with your mouth open, and I wanted to flick her I would ask her. Please close your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she would say, Go fuck yourself.
Magan: Past.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about at 30 you're about in distress of about 30 kids interrupt when someone is talking. They walk up demand my full attention. Doesn't matter if you're having an adult conversation emotions irritation.
Magan: Pass. Okay, it's heavy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one's
Magan: That one's heavy because I know there's so much more. I forgot to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: What
So,
Magan: My kids have been asking me a lot.
Magan: About
Magan: Scott
Magan: Really, and yes, they know about Scott because of my mom. They know that thought because of my sister.
Magan: You know, like that he is
Magan: A. No. No. Okay.
Magan: There's so much wonder and curiosity as to why
Magan: Okay, and
Magan: So they watch YouTube videos.
Magan: And a song. You know that song. I told you about.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. I know I do.
Magan: It comes up in that in those videos so I'm like this.
Magan: Oh, they're like, what the fuck is going on and they don't understand
Magan: So I finally I sat down and I talked to them. I tried to make it as age appropriate as I possibly could. Okay. And they asked me questions. Um, but I said that
Magan: Scott rates me. Yeah. And I said it to both of them and
Magan: They got really defensive. They got really upset. Like, how dare he touched my mom. How dare he hurt my mom. Okay. And I just, I let them know that I am safe.
Magan: Yeah, the I'm safe right now.
Magan: And Andrew helped guide that he really did I really hope that that um
Magan: And
Magan: I
Magan: Told them. They asked me some questions like, How long did it happen for how come I didn't tell anybody. Mm hmm.
Magan: And I wasn't sure if I was doing the right thing or not because
Magan: I mean I, you know, in that situation. If you're doing the right thing by telling your children or not.
Magan: But
Magan: I felt like I was lying to them and hiding something from them and they kept asking me questions and
Magan: I know what that felt like to me as a kid.
Magan: And so I didn't want to do that to them, but I also didn't want to leave my burdens on them.
Okay.
Magan: So I just wanted to tell you that I did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does it feel having told them.
Magan: It doesn't really feel. I mean, okay. In a moment, it was very, very, very triggering very trigger
Magan: But it feels like
Magan: They understand more.
Me understand
Magan: Why mommy freaks out with that song.
Magan: Mike came on again after we talked about this in the because they're up there a home, you know, and then when they have TV time they watch my son is obsessed with Neiman's he's obsessed with them and he
Magan: Watches mean videos and sometimes that song comes up in those mean videos.
Magan: And so I told he after I told him that song came up and he knew before to turn it off because it bothered me. But this time, he was like
Magan: I'm I know mom that that hurts. I'm sorry. And he turned it off. And it's not that it was his fault because he can't control it. You didn't know is going to come up right but it just like he understood
Magan: Why
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice, let's just do a little observation about what just happened. So I brought up.
Magan: A little
Gwenevere Abriel: Little irritant around kids interrupting my pass and then something came in, you had a memory and that was
Gwenevere Abriel: A big one. This is a that's that's the big that's the big trauma piece. It's all connected. And it's connected to the past it's connected to your relationship with your children. And so let's come back to what our objective today is to find a target.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find a focus find somewhere that you want to be less activated that you want to have a different relationship with a particular memory, the different a different relationship with
Gwenevere Abriel: An image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, something a memory a different relationship, having a different response to something that happened. This is real can't do anything about like these things happen. Those are facts. So it's about what do you want to have a different relationship with, is it the song.
Magan: I do and I'm really scared on this one.
Magan: Okay, I do, I do, but I will try it.
Magan: I just don't know how far I'm and again I'm letting you know right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll just say that and that's all we'll do for now we'll just say, yeah, I'd like to have less reaction to that song. We'll just leave it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just leave it in the air right there. Firstly,
Magan: I would like to have less reaction.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just do let's just do a
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit of analysis around that and see where it takes us before we get into any kind of em er. Okay, let's just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to have less reaction. So currently, what is the body's reaction to hearing and you know it just the first couple of beats you know it right away soon as it's there.
Magan: It's I've recoil.
Magan: I get defensive I get irritable angry.
Magan: Emotional
Magan: Uncomfortable uncomfortable as the biggest thing are very uncomfortable when I hear that song. Okay.
Magan: I feel icky.
Gwenevere Abriel: yucky. Can we go to
Magan: Can we go to uncomfortable for a
Second,
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you feel uncomfortable. Where is that
Magan: I'm everywhere everywhere. It's not just my jaw. It's not just my shoulders.
Magan: My gut.
Magan: my fists clenched up
Magan: My toes dig into the ground.
Magan: I, the first thing I want to do is cover my ears. I want to stop it. I want to stop the sound entering my brain because as soon as the song plays it plays in my head over and over and over and over and over.
Magan: It's horrible. Okay, so what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we worsening it by talking about it now.
Magan: No. Okay.
Magan: All right, let's keep
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to stop it. The body responds whole body. And specifically, we notice gut fists clenched toes clench those, those are those sort of really
Gwenevere Abriel: Seminal features of discomfort. Right.
Magan: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's anger. There's emotion and emotion. Are you talking about is that crying. What's emotion.
Magan: Sadness.
Magan: Disgust achy achy disgust Nikki gross, gross.
Oh dear. Yeah, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: That must be inconvenient, right, because these kids, they don't they, that sounds like that sounds like all over the place.
Magan: Yes, it is, it places the grocery stores. It plays in show it plays
Magan: A center tech detective detective. I can't even log on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I can pick up
Magan: That can't watch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay here. Stay here in this little space. We're not going to go expansive, we're going to stay in this one, this one little area here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go to
Magan: Let's see if
Gwenevere Abriel: There is a benefit to a different relationship with that, I'm going to say that response, and that includes the body that that's the emotional reaction. Let's see if there's a benefit if that intensity, isn't there. If you don't respond with all the discussed and it is comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will be available to you. If you're no longer discussing with that song and uncomfortable with that song.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will be available to you that right now is not available.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with it until it comes to there's no wrong answer, which is I can ask it again though.
Magan: The I guess the ability to just
Magan: Hear it and move past it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but what would that give you like who cares. We can't tell if you move past it. Like, what does that give you
Magan: The lack of everything that happens when I'm hearing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what does it give you, that's what you want have what is it give you. Let's narrow and you're almost there are so close. What does it give you
Magan: Safety. Okay.
I can feel safe.
Magan: Yeah, I can feel safe. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you look around and now you're with your children. And if you feel safe. Now, what does it give you if you're around your children.
Magan: I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then how are you communicating and hanging out with your children if you're safe and enough
Magan: Open. Open.
Magan: pleasantly.
Magan: pleasantly. No, there's nothing hanging over my head. There's nothing
Magan: getting in the way of
Magan: Enjoying something with them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing in the way of enjoying my children.
Magan: Yeah, and and it does that it stops me from everything but
Magan: It will put a complete halt and things for hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there more. Did you say it all. These are the benefits if it's not hanging over me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's not uncomfortable and it's not disgusting anymore. I can feel safe, be enough be pleasant and open with my children, and there's nothing keeping me from enjoying my kids.
Magan: That's pretty much it. No, it doesn't really
Magan: I mean, I've heard it. Come on different places where it affects me like at work. If it's on the radio or something.
Magan: And I'll ask them to please turn it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: They will. Yeah, you're not missing the assertiveness around self care which is hands over the ears. Please turn it off. Mommy rushes to turn it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the relationship is still discussed and you're still physically uncomfortable with the song.
Magan: Oh yeah, it's written all over me. Anybody can tell in that moment.
Magan: I can't hide it. They can't hide. That's probably the one thing that I noticed the most with that fucking song.
Magan: Is that
Magan: I can't hide the fact that
Magan: I
Magan: Okay.
Magan: I've got a comet eyes I'm I'm affected I'm and it's really like I'm fucking traumatized from that god damn song. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will you because you are. There's, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in. You are it is wired.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Get collation and
Gwenevere Abriel: Violation of your body. So that's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all that we can do and I have, I have some confidence about that right now. I have some thoughts about being here for you. I have some
Magan: About
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've given me this this privilege of being
Gwenevere Abriel: In a role of protector with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it suits me very well. I have a lot of confidence about that. So I feel very comfortable in that space. And all of a sudden I had this this wave of, oh, we could do a combination of
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be this, the old PTSD approach, which is you you spend hours desensitize you hear a sound over and over. That's the old way of doing it. Well, I know people still do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Magan: I honestly don't get that. And, you know, my God.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that but but people do still, they still do that approach. But people end up right repositories by it. But what I was thinking is
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. Can view, especially attachment focus, which is sort of my approach that I do with folks is
Gwenevere Abriel: You you because you all you're doing is you're thinking about it. Now, that's all it takes. We don't have to have any additional exposure exposure is just thinking about as far as it gets. That's why this is I preferred approach then flooding people with physical exposure to the sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's enough for you to just pull it up from your, your memory. I think it is.
Magan: Oh, it is.
Magan: It definitely is. Nobody needs to play it on the radio. Right now it's going in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got it in there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me, let me just do some, some, am I motivational interviewing questions here. Let me just because he and I told you where to start way on the outside today, way, way, way, way on the outside. You're doing great. But let me check in with you. Are you feeling good.
Gwenevere Abriel: tight, tight. Okay, and let's
Magan: Take
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take some time to take care of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you're doing so at your own pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked you how important it doesn't mean we're going to do a thing with. It doesn't mean we're going to do the MTR it's just these two questions. We're going to give a number two how important it is that you change your relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this song from zero to 10. How important is it to
Magan: Like a 10 okay got it really high. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. I now the other one which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuing to take care of the body. Remember your breath work. It is a tense. So it is so important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: How confident are you
That can help.
Gwenevere Abriel: That song. How confident are you zero to 1010 is
Gwenevere Abriel: Three. Okay, three and confidence. Okay.
Magan: I'm not very
Gwenevere Abriel: Not very
Magan: I mean, I believe in you, but I'm not so inclined, that is happening to me is one is one that
Magan: I hate this one. This one is it is a one for me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So confidence was a three. It did. It just moves down
Magan: Yep, just a little bit like a two.
Magan: To one, I'm really not confident about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we are you seeing that I'm trying to protect you. We're not going to go somewhere, until you have more confidence.
Magan: You see. Yes, I see that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm doing is trying to protect it and make sure we're not just going to go in there, willy nilly, and make sure that we're not ready. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to ask me a question because remember this is some interpersonal stuff and I'm the one that's kind of been taking care of you. So you have a question for me.
Magan: I think what comes up for me because you're not just like a protector, you're also like it.
Magan: You're a figure and it's it's really hard to explain but you're a trusted figure
Magan: But your acceptance and your
Magan: Feelings on things are important to me.
Magan: Even though you don't really share. And I think that's the whole reason why you don't share personal stuff about you.
Magan: It's because of that reason right there because I am the way that I am
Magan: And I understand it and and obviously been working but yeah
Magan: But my question, like, the first thing that comes up for me. It goes back into that. Am I enough. And I know it's there because I know that's why I'm even thinking this question to begin with.
Magan: Like, do you think that
Magan: Like this is stupid. Do you think that this is it's just a song you think like, do you know what I mean, like, that's the first thing that comes up for me. And I'm like, wait a minute, that's not her. That's me. That's me so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this is the little pedal. This is this really fragile little glass precious little thing. It's like Central. It is almost I think it is the most on I don't know only, you know, but it is one of the most important things
Gwenevere Abriel: It is it is so so no the opposite of stupid never would have occurred to me. In fact,
Gwenevere Abriel: No like more like I'm a witnessing you bring his name up on your own how brave how brave. Brave. She is
Gwenevere Abriel: I sat with my children and talked about it help re help raise hell brave help raise up i i can't fathom the word stupid even on the planet in the universe just just in off of your, your courage, just
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know where you've come from. I know that really what we're doing. Even though I'm saying I'm not you know this exposure therapy is too much. We've still been doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been doing. I don't want to say his name. Not saying his name. I said his name. Look, I said his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I brought up with my kids I brought it up if you're not ready not ready. I brought it up now with my kids I was triggered. I live through it. I look through it. You're doing the work you are doing exposure therapy on your terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're saying his name has been a step.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't used to be able to even say it.
Magan: Yeah, well, that's something Andrew said to. He goes, he said the exact same thing to me, he said, You know, I noticed that you've actually been able to say his name.
Magan: And not respond the way that you usually do. And he goes, it's not that it's a bad thing or a good thing. He said, I just noticed that your responses different
Magan: When I say his name the few times I do say it.
Magan: You know,
Magan: And then automatically. I'm like, no.
Magan: This is him.
Magan: But I
Magan: I don't want
Magan: Cuz like
Magan: My mom.
Magan: would push him on me all the time and asked me to let it go and just move past it, get over it and
Magan: Let him be a part of the families together. And because I wouldn't go to events, if he was going to be there when his children were born, she wanted me to go and meet the children and I did not want to
Magan: Cyrus.
She would
Magan: My like my sister was actually the only one that would say to my mom like you need to stop you're you're pushing too hard mom just because she doesn't respond I can. Okay.
Magan: Stop it.
Magan: I'm
Magan: Mom, just because she doesn't respond the way that I do.
Magan: Doesn't mean because Alicia, can be around, and I always find that disgusting as well. Like, how would you let him like how could you be around him. How could you engage with this kid.
Magan: Like
Magan: How dare you that's honestly how I feel like right
Magan: How could you do that like
Magan: I can't understand it.
Magan: But
Magan: Just saying his name is a problem for me.
Magan: Like
Magan: But she would say to mom like
Magan: You need to
Magan: Let her deal with it the way that she deals with it and the way that she deals with it. She's removed him completely from every aspect of her life and you cannot force it.
Magan: Or no matter how much I tried. She did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you angry that she did that.
Magan: I am I am very angry that she did that, it just reinforced that feeling of not believing me not.
Magan: respecting me not looking out for me you didn't look out for me and now you know and you still can't look out for me.
Magan: He's always more important your precious little voice.
Magan: And Stephen, I can't blame him.
Magan: But
Magan: The relationship with her and her boys versus her and her girls.
Magan: It always seemed different and
Magan: That was the one thing
Magan: That bothered me the most. It was like
Magan: What, what do I need to tell you what do you need to hear to understand
Magan: What your son. It's to me like, do you want me to
Magan: Go into detail. Do you want me to tell you have specific events because then maybe you'll believe
Magan: But she wouldn't she wouldn't listen to me. And every time I got angry. She would just get angry too, and she'll get defensive and she would say, well, you didn't say anything. How am I supposed to know
Magan: How can I do anything if I don't even know. And she would get angry with me. But looking back at it and thinking about it right now.
Magan: Maybe that was her way of protecting herself. Maybe it was too much for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it was about your mom's self preservation. She could not get past her own overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever helpless. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: My daughter, she couldn't do it. But that had nothing to do with your value that had to do with a skill that if she were here today, I would be teaching her that she is enough. And then her role as a mother is to protect her children.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would help her get her own strength so that she can be there for you and not make it about her, we would be doing some serious family therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry that happened and I love that you came to that conclusion on your own. And I'm letting us right stay right there. You're right. She didn't know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: She couldn't and it probably happened to her and you talking about it reminds her of her on trauma.
Magan: That did happen to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. She cannot handle it.
Magan: It's too much with her. It was her father and father did occur. You know what's weird. I never knew that, but one day she called me.
Magan: And she was in Walmart and she was crying and she sounded like she couldn't read, and I was like, Mom, what's going on.
Magan: And she just couldn't breathe out of where the fuck are you and she's like, I know Walmart on new bank and I fucking drove over there so fast I ran into the store to find her. I run everywhere. And I find her sitting in the section.
Magan: On a bench.
Magan: Next, there's like benches, where people can sit down with take a break and she's sitting there crying like a little baby.
Magan: And
Magan: She
Magan: I sat down next to her.
Magan: And I just
Magan: I held her for a moment like I asked her, you know, the hug, and I gave her a hug for
Magan: I don't know, like maybe like two minutes before we even started talking. And then I said, what's going on. And she goes,
Magan: It just everything just hit me at once.
Magan: And she goes,
Magan: She goes,
Magan: He hurt me too.
Magan: And I was like, What do you mean he hurt you to are you talking about, because she was confusing me.
Magan: And she goes, my father. He
Magan: He raised me he molested me and I just was like floored. And she goes, it
Magan: It's just start crying and she didn't I never knew about her. She was must look 57 years old 58 I never knew this about my mother ever
Magan: And she's sitting here like a little baby crying because it just hit her all at one time.
Magan: And
Magan: I felt so awful for her. I felt so bad for her.
Magan: I felt like
Magan: I felt guilty.
Magan: Because I in a little bit because I brought up.
Magan: All of the things that happened to me. And I never even knew that my mother had gone through the same thing.
Magan: And nobody was there for her to hear her out she's 57 years old and she's just saying this to me her daughter for the first time.
Magan: I'm a grown woman. I have two children, I'm married, I, I had no idea. And my mother knew about what Scott it to me since I was 19 because I have when I told her.
Magan: And she kept it all those years.
Magan: And it just came out at Walmart in store.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, in the baby section.
Magan: In the baby section is we're
Magan: And I was just
Magan: I didn't feel guilty, like it was my fault. I felt guilty like this poor woman.
Magan: Knows
Magan: How I feel
Magan: But I couldn't get I still, even with her telling me that we couldn't get on the same level.
Magan: Even after that we still kept fighting every time I tried to talk to her about Scott or bring up something that he did to me or please stop making. I don't want to go to family events with him. I don't want to meet his children. She's still kept pushing after that. But I really had thought
Magan: That in that moment, and maybe that was my fault for putting too much hope on that moment.
Magan: That she understood
Gwenevere Abriel: You mean that she would take care of you. She, she
Magan: She yeah there it is that she would intern take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: She intellectually
Gwenevere Abriel: May have thought me to she got the. Me too. But that's really different than the ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To put
Magan: Action behind
Gwenevere Abriel: Us, it's different, and she couldn't she couldn't do it. She still had to do what she was always doing which is compartmentalizing not letting it affect
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm not going to hold anyone accountable, she never got to hold anyone accountable. My daughter doesn't hold anyone accountable. We're just going to do the thing where we pretend it never happened. We're just going to go back to that.
Magan: And she did it because her father died like three months earlier.
Magan: He died and
Magan: I didn't know. I didn't have anything to do with him because
Magan: From what I gather, he was a bad man. Um, so my father and mother made it a point to keep us all away from him.
Magan: But
Magan: He had died and then maybe three months later, is when she had this then. And I felt privileged that she called me.
Magan: Because
Magan: She has four children, you know, she called me.
Magan: And I tried to be there for her because I honestly thought she's having a fucking asthma attack. I thought something like she was physically like somebody hurt her something or robbed or something.
Magan: And then to walk in and see her. She looked at the little girl. She literally looked like a little girl.
And then
Magan: And then, there I am trying to tell her.
Magan: It's okay, but it's not okay.
Magan: Like there's not really anything that I can say to comfort her, is there anything that she can say to comfort me. I don't know.
Magan: But I felt like I was apparent.
Magan: In that role. Mm hmm.
And
Magan: After that, I was just hoping that maybe
Magan: Maybe, and that was my fault. I put hopes and ambitions on it and
Magan: Just feelings on it. I made it more than what it was.
Magan: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a lot. You just did a lot of work. And again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take some time and very gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold that space for what you just did.
Magan: Or didn't do
Magan: I'm sorry.
Magan: I said we're going to do it today, and we did
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we did. This is all part of it. Megan, it's all part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just my finger dragging in front of you. It's, it's this stuff. Okay, this is it. This is a phase.
Magan: End up
Gwenevere Abriel: Not just the bilateral movement. There's eight phases to it. This is one of them. We're getting the target and we are in the preparation phase. And we're going to take our time and be prepared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we absolutely did. Yes, we did.
Just a different
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit. See what you did just now. I'm sorry. Did you just undo the value of how hard you just worked
Magan: I did.
Magan: I tried to
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do with that you want to leave that in the air.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to say instead
Magan: That was hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Darn straight
Magan: I don't think I've ever told anybody that
Magan: Is the first person I've ever told that
Magan: In the whole world.
Magan: There's a lot of things that you know the first person I tell
Magan: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: This lady. There's no way she's gonna be the person. There's no way I get it.
Magan: But you are. And there's so many things that you know that about me that nobody know
Magan: And that's
Magan: For some reason, that's really important to me.
Magan: Like it's important that you know
Magan: What have you done going
Magan: Your little way in
Gwenevere Abriel: My little way in
Gwenevere Abriel: By telling you every step.
Gwenevere Abriel: By being transparent and ironically I'm transparent, but I'm not making it about me. That's how we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do motivational interviewing and then now we're also doing this. I'm not hiding at all. I'm just going to tell you what I'm up to you ever be one asked me a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go for it. We won't go. Sometimes I'll say, hey, I will be talking too much here that might be a distraction. Don't want you to start protecting me all of a sudden, so let's just keep it right. Well, ironically, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Transparency, but I'm not making it about me. I think that's how I wiggled my way in to earn your trust.
Magan: I think so, too, because I did notice that. Well, I just said it earlier. That's you've kept that professional distance for a reason, not just because I mean you are perfectly capable of divulging personal 49 or we're talking a little bit more about yourself.
Magan: To where you're comfortable, but you don't go there at all. And I don't know if you do that with other people or not, but for me.
Magan: I think that
Magan: You chose that route because
Magan: I take care of everybody.
Magan: And I worry about everybody else.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: You might start to doubt my intentions. That's a big piece of it is, if you don't come in here knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: He's on my side. She wants the best for me if you don't really believe that if there's doubt your, your, you don't show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, I think you've got to really know you can trust me, and if, when I start to make it about me. You're going to pick up on it, long before anybody else will. You're going to pick up on it.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Magan: Yeah so well. Are you gonna have a glass of wine.
Magan: With your little ladies night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, they're gonna think I am. I'm going to have my glass here it
Magan: Looks like a glass of wine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I got some clients tomorrow morning. So I probably won't really do too much, but it'll be a lot of fun.
Magan: I'm just curious about
Gwenevere Abriel: How because I know I'll take charge and I'll probably run the whole thing. And, you know, will it be more like because it's not like a normal conversation typically
Gwenevere Abriel: People will turn and have a conversation here and then these to turn here, but how all of us like a group, I'd be curious to see how this goes out will be my first time we'll see if it's an epic fail or not.
Magan: I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. I'm excited about it and I'll pass along, you know, tips and things if if right if I'm good at it in one way, maybe I can say, okay, well if you're doing it with because I've been saying, hey, have a maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like Sunday brunch with family and you're kind of stay connected with family, but through zoom. It's kind of a cool way to do it.
Yeah.
Magan: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Real quick, let's make sure that you still like what we're doing the live
Magan: Event.
Magan: On Friday, yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue to have that open so that would be April 10 and I will
Magan: Be there. Okay, I'll see you then.
Magan: You'd be safe. Thank you.
Magan: You to enjoy your evening. Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moore, real quick, just listen for two seconds we're both going to log off and come right back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To go find another spot to hang so it's perfect timing.
Lauraluj87: Come right back in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like 30 seconds 1010